I'm going to walk through just a few
steps one of them is after the 22 and we
start here and we're like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 best to prepare to
throw and it goes one two three four
five six seven eight peel two three four
five six seven eight back two three four
five six seven eight and then it's our
lyrical okay one more time we'll do that
after the two tube five six seven eight
one two three four five six seven eight
ready and one two three four five six
seven eight peel two three four five six
seven eight back two three four five six
all the face brine for the lyrical okay
and that seems to be a hard one and
let's see the Helene move is kind of
hard I'm trying to think what comes
before that oh I know it's the it's the
hip drop with no um no ribbon stuff and
we've all been kind of doing a hip drop
thing wrong what I want y'all to
concentrate on is even though we start
here the back is flat it's not bit over
it's flat and we immediately look up
with that first hip drop don't keep
looking down this is a real join me in
the party type move you're wanting to
get the crowd with you ok so the exits
down and it's five six seven eight one
two three four five six seven eight by
the time you finish the first anchor
facing forward to two three four five
six seven eight and then it's what i'm
calling the Holy move you're going to
drop your right arm back one two three
four five six seven eight into that
great bond and that grapevine ah here i
can do that again and this is also a
real shoulder move it's not just
hip drop its double shoulders dropping
party shoulders you can go on that okay
so we're here and we immediately look up
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 & 8 to 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3
4 5 6 prepare for great and that gray
let's get that second great really nice
and clean so we're here the first gripe
is one two three four five six seven
eight and then we r 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
prepare with this one one three four
five six dun dun
I think that was right skip to my Lou
and then we're just going to do that and
took a walk one two three four five six
seven eight preparing for the military
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo ok you can
hit it thanks